feat: new secret-rotator service (#2531)
googleapis/repo-automation-bots: packages/secret-rotator/README.md

## Secret-Rotator

A service deployed to Cloud Run that rotates and deprecates keys.
## Installation

`npm i`

## Running tests:

`npm test`

## Contributing

> If you have suggestions for how `release-brancher` could be improved, or want to report a bug, open an issue! We'd love all and any contributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have suggestions for how `secret-rotator` could be improved, or want to report a bug, open an issue! We'd love all and any contributions.
```
